Home
  Software Developer
  Programmer
  Virtual Assistant
  Freelancer
  Translator
  Webpage programmer
  Writer

Other Houses
  Cleaning Service
  Nanny
  Caretaker
  Repairman
  
Restaurant
  Cook
  Cook Helper / Dishwasher
  Waiter
  Host
  
Cafe
  Barista
  Service
  
Beauty Salon
  Shampooer
  Hair Drasser
  Manicure/Pedicure
  Masseur
  Clerk
  
Accessory Shop
  Shop Manager
  Sales Clerk
  
Disco
  Public Relations
  Bartender
  Dancer
  Runner
  Doorman
  Security
  
Bar
  Bartender
  Service
  
Gym
  Fitness and class Instructor
  Trainer
  Reception
  
Park
  Gardener
  Garbage and Trash collector
  
School
  Teacher
  Preschool Teacher
  Primary School Teacher
  Secondary School Teacher
  Extracurricular Activities Instructor
  Principal
  Viceprincipal
  Librarian
  Tutor
  
Street
  Garbage Collector
  Construction Worker
  Policeman
  Firefighter
  Repairman
  Food Delivery
  Door to door Salesman

Forest Area
  Ranger
  Security
  
Furniture Store
  Electronics Dept. Sales
  Decor Sales
  Furniture Sales
  Delivery Service
  Funiture Construction
  Interior Advisor
  
Real Estate
  Real Estate Development
  Sales and Marketing
  Property Management
  Real Estate lending
  Accountant
  Lawyer
  Interior Designer
  Contractor
  
Bank
  Accountant
  Bank Advisor
  Bank Analyst
  Tax Lawyer
  Bussiness Advisor
  Finance 
  Public Relations
  Bank Manager
  Economist
  
City Hall
  Legislative assistant
  Legislative director
  Political scientist
  Policy researcher
  Agency administrator  
  Advocate
  Development officer
  Program director 
  Communications coordinator
  Public relations manager
  Human resources specialist
  Data analyst
  Reception
  
Hospital/Pharmacy
  1. Medical technologist
National average salary: $26.67 per hour

Primary duties: A medical technologist works in a hospital’s lab to perform tests, such as cell counts, drug tests and bacteria cultures. They prepare blood, tissue and other samples and use specialized equipment to test them. They record and interpret results and communicate them to doctors and laboratory supervisors.

2. Radiologic technician
National average salary: $27.58 per hour

Primary duties: Radiologic technicians perform X-rays to help doctors produce diagnostic images for their patients. They might meet with patients to describe the process and answer questions, and they provide the patient’s healthcare team with the X-ray results.

3. Dietician
National average salary: $32.17 per hour

Primary duties: Dieticians educate patients on proper diet and help them manage conditions, such as obesity and diabetes. They plan diets based on the patient’s goal, whether it includes weight loss, weight gain, managing a disease or improving their overall quality of life. They create personalized recipes and meal plans and track patients’ progress.

4. Respiratory therapist
National average salary: $32.66 per hour

Primary duties: Respiratory therapists treat patients who have difficulty breathing. They diagnose and treat conditions such as asthma or bronchitis. They might also provide emergency care to patients who have suffered heart attacks, drowning or other traumatic events. They might help certain populations, such as the elderly or babies born prematurely, with lung disease. They also work with devices like ventilators and artificial airways.

5. Registered nurse
National average salary: $33.85 per hour

Primary duties: Nurses support doctors by caring for sick, injured or recovering patients and communicating with patients and families. They also examine patients, run tests, maintain patient records and help doctors during procedures. Registered nurses educate patients about their conditions and give them treatment advice. They might also provide them with emotional support.

6. Occupational therapist
National average salary: $44.64 per hour

Primary duties: Occupational therapists help sick, disabled, injured and recovering patients perform daily tasks, such as dressing, bathing and preparing meals. They help people develop or regain the basic skills they need to care for themselves or have a job. These professionals provide patients with exercises and therapies to improve their skills and mobility. They might redesign living and working spaces with special equipment or technologies.

7. Pharmacist
National average salary: $52.55 per hour

Primary duties: Pharmacists prepare and dispense prescription medications and educate patients on how to take their medications safely. They understand what medications treat, what they interact with and how to prescribe them appropriately. Pharmacists also manage pharmacy inventory and communicate with hospital doctors about certain drugs. They might give patients wellness exams, health advice and vaccinations.

8. Physician assistant
National average salary: $105,203 per year

Primary duties: Physician assistants assess, diagnose and treat patients under a licensed physician’s supervision. They order tests and bloodwork, prescribe medications, maintain patient records and educate patients on healthy lifestyles. They often focus on wellness exams and preventive care. Physician assistants refer patients to specialists and help doctors and physicians as needed.

9. Surgeon
National average salary: $214,927 per year

Primary duties: Surgeons operate on patients to repair injuries or help treat diseases or conditions. They generally specialize in one type of surgery, such as orthopedic, reconstructive or pediatric. Surgeons also help diagnose and treat their patients before and after surgery, prescribe medications and keep patient records up to date. They work closely with nurses and anesthesiologists during operations.

10. Anesthesiologist
National average salary: $297,700 per year

Primary duties: Anesthesiologists give patients medications that remove pain and sensation during surgery. They work with surgeons and doctors to create customized anesthesia plans for patients based on the procedure and their medical history. They monitor patients during and after giving pain medications, correct any complications or reactions and help patients regain consciousness after the procedure is finished. Anesthesiologists must understand the correct type and amount of anesthesia to administer to each patient safely.

Nonclinical
Nonclinical jobs are those that do not involve patient care. They might include administrative and business tasks, such as communications or billing. Some are entry-level and require only a high school diploma or an associate degree, while others require an advanced degree and years of experience. Here are seven types of nonclinical hospital jobs.

1. Medical admissions clerk
National average salary: $11.83 per hour

Primary duties: Admissions clerks greet patients entering the hospital and gather their medical and personal information and reason for visiting. They check the patient in and file their data in the hospital’s system. They also collect and enter insurance information. When not interacting with patients, medical admissions clerks might answer phones, record data and communicate with nurses and doctors.

2. Medical records clerk
National average salary: $13.49 per hour

Primary duties: Medical records clerks organize and file patient information, such as personal and medical histories, and admission and discharge documents. They give hospital departments the records and paperwork they request. They are responsible for keeping records confidential, secure and up to date. Medical records clerks also provide information and support during hospital audits.

3. Coding specialist
National average salary: $21.67 per hour

Primary duties: Coding specialists work in the billing department. They classify and code health claims so the hospital can receive payment from insurance companies and health care programs. They review claims to make sure they are eligible for reimbursement and use computer programs to give procedures the correct codes. They also work with insurance companies to resolve denied claims.

4. Medical social worker
National average salary: $55,294 per year

Primary duties: Social workers help patients and their families deal with the physical, emotional and financial stress of hospitalization. They meet with and talk to patients about what to expect from their condition and the recovery process. They also provide support for patients and families going through difficult situations, such as being diagnosed with a life-threatening condition. Social workers also teach nurses and doctors how to handle patients with issues like depression or anxiety.

5. Information technology specialist
National average salary: $69,365 per year

Primary duties: Information technology specialists maintain the hospital’s computers, networks and servers. They keep software up to date and make sure the crucial data in hospital computer systems is private and protected from cyber threats. Some health IT specialists also design and manage electronic health record systems that store patient data.

6. Human resources manager
National average salary: $73,780 per year

Primary duties: Human resources managers oversee all hospital employee and personnel needs. They recruit, hire and train new employees and communicate with existing staff to resolve conflicts and enforce workplace policies. HR managers also handle the hospital’s salary budget, benefits programs and professional development opportunities. They ensure the hospital follows state and federal regulations and provides a safe workplace for employees.

7. Chief executive officer
National average salary: $113,640 per year

Primary duties: Chief executive officers are the top administrators in a hospital. They oversee the organization’s daily operations as well as create long-term strategies to keep business running smoothly. They work with managers and department heads to make sure patients are safe. They also ensure the hospital adheres to laws and regulations, business is profitable and the quality of care is high.

Theater
  Manager
  Box Office Manager
  Box Office Clerk
  Usher
  Access Officer

Clothing Shop
  Sales Clerk
  Advertising Manager
  Pick and Pack
  Fashion Stylist
  
Book Store
  Bookseller
  Customer Service Representative
  Bookstore Manager
  Web Developer
  Publishing Sales Representative.
  
Grocery Store
  Clerk
  Distribution Worker
  Delivery Service
  Shop Manager
